what's up guys it's me vikkstar123 with
the video or basically me and some of my
gb team you know we're just warming up
practicing in some in the competitive
playlist and we absolutely stomp these
opponents and then they rage quit and I
thought it was pretty cool so I'm just
going to share it with you it's a little
mini gameplay let's say you know so we
just kind of owning them basically so
I've got my old class going on you had
no chance neither did he need to turn
down my speakers you can probably hear
that could you not I'll check no luckily
for me you couldn't hear that um well I
guess but anyway yeah just literally
owning these guys I'm basically holding
forward there fortunately I die but it's
not going to happen again so don't worry
about it so we're kind of just working
on holding two flags down and then
dominating so I just come up here and
basically bump on it cover on the B flag
so I was like yeah sure I'll help takes
the one taste the 2 the 3 and takes the
fourth but that would have been a quad
feed had mr. bump not died in the middle
you know that's not your average shizzle
for v4 competitive playlist eat my quad
spray and you know now I'm just set up
in the building just just dropping them
dropping them down like flies you know
these guys have no chance I was on I was
on form here you know this is what what
i do is in the other side of me to show
you cuz my first road to gb Rank 1 went
up yesterday I thought this would just
be a nice little you know addition I
might link back to that video in case
you missed it but it's going to be a new
series where we're basically playing gb
and you know dolphin dive there no
chance for him poor guy now I've got mr.
bumps farm out here and it has a heart
dot sight thing and that's the most
stupid thing every was
you playing gb with that red dot sights
is definitely the way to go for
precision I don't know why he's got the
stupid site and there we go there's the
rage quit there they Gail so yeah that's
the gameplay Oldham made him rage quit
one by one they disappear and we lock
down the triple cap and win so they're
gone hope you enjoyed it guys and you
know I'm always looking for more
feedback on this stuff just lie on the
table here and wait for people to join
and then that's it so thanks for
watching guys we win